Title: Intern, Developer Software- EN
Company: CN
Location: Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Employment Type: Associate
Seniority Level: Internship
URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4338745874

DESCRIPTION:
At CN, we are committed to our pursuit of excellence. We take pride in delivering work of the highest standard, continually innovating to shape the railroad of the future. As responsible railroaders, we make the right decisions every time, putting safety first, acting with unwavering integrity, and holding ourselves accountable for our actions. We believe in succeeding together—by fostering inclusivity and collaboration, we sustainably deliver exceptional results for our customers.We welcome students aboard to join our team and play a valuable role in the engine that keeps the North American economy on track. Expect an exciting environment where you’ll be encouraged to learn, grow, and be recognized for your unique ideas and contributions. Work on pivotal projects with experienced collaborators who will encourage you to share your perspectives, and thrive in our close-knit, safety-focused culture. The careers we offer are meaningful because the work we do matters. Join us and get your career moving! Intern, Developer Software This is a full-time summer internship lasting from May 11, 2026, until August 28, 2026.Job SummaryThe Intern Developer Software for Transportation Integration Delivery Services (TIDS) is responsible for collaborating with the rest of the TIDS team within Software Engineering to develop and test event based and data driven software solutions that meet the needs of our clients. The incumbent is joining a growing group of 8 agile teams usually composed of 5 to 7 members with different development roles such as Team Leads, Functional Designers, Developers, Testers, Development Operations (DevOps) and more. The role is an opportunity to work with new technologies and frameworks very much in demand in today's Information and Technology (I&T) marketplace.Major ResponsibilitiesContribute to a code base of new and existing microservices or Databricks modulesTest driven development and building automation test suitsParticipate in the deployment of applications onto Google Anthos and Databricks platformsContribute to the elaboration and documentation of microservice-based and Databricks solutionsEngage in the peer review processSupport in the production of newly deployed microservice-based and Databricks solutionsRequirementsGood knowledge of Java and Python programming languageBasic knowledge of Database Management System (DBMS)Basic knowledge of Spring Boot Java programing frameworkBasic knowledge of Continuous Integration Principles (DevOps)Basic knowledge of production support and troubleshootingHigh motivation in learningSoft skills with aptitudes in critical thinking of software solutionsBasic knowledge of Python Wheels or Python Notebooks* Education Working towards a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Software EngineeringAny experience/education/skills/knowledge for these above would be considered as an assetAbout CNCN is a premium railroad that sustainably generates value for our customers, shareholders, employees, and stakeholders with an unwavering commitment to safety and service. Essential to the economy, to the customers, and to the communities it serves, CN safely transports more than 300 million tons of natural resources, manufactured products, and finished goods throughout North America every year. CN's network connects Canada's Eastern and Western coasts with the U.S. South through a 20,000-mile rail network. CN and its affiliates have been contributing to community prosperity and sustainable trade since 1919. CN powers the North American economy and is committed to programs supporting social responsibility and environmental stewardship.At CN, we are dedicated to building North America's safest , most inclusive and sustainable railroad, which includes reflecting the communities in which we operate. Research shows that candidates often don't apply unless they feel they fit the job posting at 100%. To all potential applicants, even if you don't meet every job requirement listed in a posting, we still encourage you to apply. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations), please get in touch with our team at cnrecruitment@cn.ca .As an equal opportunity employer, qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law.Please monitor your email on a regular basis as communication to applicants is done via email.